Chat: add Speech-to-text feature API descriptions (#8504)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/1 Configuration/onMessageEntered.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that is executed after a message is entered into the chat (Send button is clicked or the Enter key is pressed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that is executed after a user submits the message (clicks Send or presses Enter).
```
